Salt Lake City, Utah! Bonsoir! How are you doing tonight, folks?
The snow-covered streets of Trolley Square, wherever we are, and the beautifully refurbished
Wise Guys comedy club, Harmontown, is now officially in session.
Would you please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown.
You know him. You might love him. Dan Harmon!
Salt, salt, salt, salt, take some chloride, take some sodium, salt, salt.
You guys love salt, right? Everyone loves salt?
I was like, okay, there's a guy holding a sign in the audience that says, Utah, 1922, never forget.
Which I think is like a deep cut reference to our podcast, right? We were making up tragedies at one point.
Okay, we got another one over here. 65,000, Utah, you know what you did.
I don't even remember the reference now.
You're completely in shadow. Find your light, Harmon.
The camera guys want me to move back a little bit so that I can make their job of capturing reality a little more artificial.
Sorry, my humanity wasn't marketable enough for you, Michelle Gondry.
So what was the deal?
You know, I would have done a show standing in a big shadow.
Now we'll never know what that would have been.
I probably would have talked to this guy. He probably has cancer or something.
Now I can't. Everything's fucked up now. But they got their shot, Jeff.
They're painting with light.
Fucking directors. Salt Lake City is about humanity. It's not about film.
You know, I understand there's people here who fled Sundance to get here, right?
I heard about your vests, your matching vests and your beards and your Sundance vests.
Colorado, fuck Colorado, right?
That's where Denver is. Is that where Sundance is?
Where's Sundance?
It's in Colorado.
Okay.
It's up that canyon?
It's in Utah.
All right, all right. Look, Utah's great. Sundance is okay.
Salt Lake City is the best city in the world. We know that.
And salt is the best condiment. Seasoning, whatever you call it.
I know there's like people here, Jeff, they don't like salt being referred to as a seasoning.
Did you know that?
I did not know that.
They're offended by that, the way that some deaf people don't like cochlear implants.
You know, it's like the idea in Salt Lake City is that salt is a meal itself.
And that you use potatoes and steak and stuff to make the salt go down better.
It's a real thing here, you know, this is the salt capital of the world.
Their roads get real icy and their potatoes get real, real, real, real, real bland.
And they eat the salt.
It's also the complex drinking law capital of the world.
Oh my God, Ron Cuey.
Complex, do it again?
It's also the what then?
Complex drinking law corner segments.
All right, everybody, welcome to Utah, home of the weirdest drinking laws in the world.
You don't know them?
We've memorized them.
We've been here for three hours and we've learned one-tenth of the fucking wild ass liquor law you have.
Complex drinking laws.
Let me explain them.
Jeff, you can't have a double here.
A double, a double drink?
You can't have a double drink.
Why not?
There is no why, that is the because.
You can't, it doesn't matter why not.
There was a, but I'll tell you, Brigham Young, he had huge hands.
So, and he was very, very ashamed about them.
He was a wood carver and a philanthropist and a brilliant man, but he had these giant hands.
And so they made special big glasses for him to make him feel like his hands were smaller.
That was the original BY and BYOB, do you know that?
Yeah.
Big Brigham Young's own bottle.
Yeah, because the whole city had to kind of arrange itself around Brigham Young's deformed hands.
And so people were like, secretly, people would wear like prosthetic giant hands.
Like that's where those foam number one hands come from.
It's like, just to make him feel better, because he was a great man.
He founded a great city and he loved salt.
He ate so much salt, Jeff, that he retained water in his hands, I think is what...
Have you ever heard the expression, Matt, as a hatter?
You know, that's from the lead lining in Haberdasheries.
Mercury lining.
There's an expression here called, you know, hands the size of Brigham Young.
So he had special giant glasses that they would get out for him.
If you ordered a double here in 1828 when Brigham Young was here, you could die.
Like everyone was drinking out of extra large glasses.
So that's why no doubles.
But it doesn't matter, today it's in honor of temperance.
And that's why the foam hands only hold up one finger.
I'll have one.
Yes, I'll have a single.
You want one drink?
I don't want two enormous Brigham Young size drinks.
Don't do doubles, said the bartender at the Marriott Hotel.
There's something really weird about that, too.
When you're at a Marriott Hotel, I'm pretty sure Marriott as a hotel chain probably has
more hotels than there are people in certain cities in the United States.
Like as a corporation, it's practically a country.
And it's like, I don't know what's ironic about that, but something is.
It's like, you just work at a Marriott.
Give me the Marriott goods.
If Utah said I couldn't sleep in a bed, would there be no beds in the Marriott?
What's in charge here?
Does the money walk or the bullshit talk?
I walked into the bar at the Marriott and a nice young lady said,
Sir, I need to scan your ID.
I'm like, OK, I've never seen that ever.
And she took it and then she wrote down every bit of information off of my ID.
And then she put it in a thing and it came out and shredded and then she said,
Go fuck yourself.
I thought that was a crazy lady thing.
Is that a Utah thing or is that a crazy lady thing?
That's a Utah thing?
Maybe crazy ladies are a Utah thing.
Like lithium's a salt, right?
It's all coming together.
But also, we were just told that you're not allowed to, in this restaurant,
you're not allowed to be walking around with your drink.
You have to be seated and eating like chicken wings to have it.
Yeah, we broke the law coming up here.
We called 911 before we came up.
We had to somehow get it.
You'll notice there's an elaborate trolley system along the walls,
like in Mr. Rogers' house, because the wait staff is not allowed to walk while holding liquor.
So there's a little choo-choo train that comes by.
And they have to technically, they have to pretend that they're here to catch a train.
And then they go, oh, I'm holding a beer.
And then they go, I think this is yours.
They have to go through so much, and they have to wash their hands, too, on top of it all.
The only way to get around it is to be in a wheelchair and have a plate of food in your lap,
and then you can cruise around with a drink.
It's complicated, complicated here.
Are there some other liquor laws that we don't know about?
There's a lot. I work in a bar.
What's your name, sir?
Let's do some.
Let's name Duce up, because his awesome name and his expertise and his...
Hello, Duce.
Duce is wearing a crisis alert t-shirt from Community.
I am.
Awesome.
So, Duce, you work in the liquor industry here in the city that invented complicated liquor laws.
So let's run down some of the more weird...
Okay, so like this, this is considered a restaurant, so you have to have food to get a beverage.
In a bar, you can get beverage by itself.
You can't have a double, but you can have two different kinds of liquor in front of you.
So you can order a tequila and a rum.
That's fine, but not a rum.
Can I order two tequilas? No, I can't.
No, but you can get tequila and a rum.
Because they saw five easy pieces, and they were like,
okay, we're not gonna let a Jack Nicholson figure it out.
Like, I'd like to give me two tequilas then, and I'll...
Ooh, look what I'm doing.
Like, they figured that out.
You can hold the ice between your knees.
Okay, so if I have food in a restaurant, can I have a double?
No, nope, still can't.
I can never have a double, ever.
You can never have a double, unless you're at home.
But I was at Subway at a Utah gas station, and I got double meat on my...
That's a stupid comment, though.
All right, well, give us another one.
Is there...
Let's see, you can only have two ounces of liquor in a drink.
So, you know, even if it's like a Long Island, which has all kinds of different liquors,
you can still only have two ounces worth of liquor.
Oh, total?
Total.
Oh, so you order a Long Island iced tea, and you can...
It's bullshit.
Like, yeah, does it come in a Dixie cup?
Usually, yeah.
It comes in plastic here.
All right, well, let me...
Maybe instead of just asking you to list the stuff off, let's just do an exercise.
You be a bartender, I'll be a customer.
Oh, what a rough day of being an American citizen that's supposedly allowed to do whatever the fuck I want to do.
And having to put up with an ownership class of rich people that have 1% of whatever the 99% thing plan plan.
I'm so stressed out, I would like to numb my brain with a legal substance that makes everyone around me smarter
for a couple hours, a couple blessed fucking hours.
Can I please have a Kettle One on the rocks with no lime?
And...
Okay, so the answer is yes, but then...
Yes, sir.
Then you fill the glass with ice, and you fill it up like I've noticed...
It's a thimble fold.
It's one ounce of...
Okay, so I get it, and I go, okay, I'm going to slide this $5 bill across the table.
Oh, my.
Hey, can I...
Can I actually make it a double if we're going to be this way?
Then I'd look around, see if the DABC was in the house, and then I go...
Is he a rapper?
Yeah.
No, that's the beverage counselor or whatever.
Yeah, Department of Alcohol Beverage.
Yeah, it's ridiculous, because I actually send spies in a lot to us.
Right, secret drinkers.
Yeah, they really do, they really do.
Lots of underage kids being like, come on, man, here's 20 bucks, let me in the bar.
Right, well, that's everywhere.
Does an Irish guy walk in and go, ah, we're shutting you down, deuce.
Oh, my God.
We're shutting you down.
Jesus Christ, Jeff, you know who would hate it in Salt Lake City?
Jerry McSeinfeld.
Stay here, deuce, stay here.
Oh, I'm Jerry McSeinfeld.
I'm an Irish Jerry Seinfeld.
I'm famous for my observational material and my Irish heritage.
So you can imagine, I'm quite puzzled by the state of affairs in your little bird.
Why can't I have a double?
We've been over that.
I'm Jerry McSeinfeld.
Why is it so snowy outside?
And why in such an inhospitable climate would you want to make it even harder to drink?
What's happening?
Why do you want people to move away so bad?
Why you're always closing all the roads so we can't escape?
Aye, sir.
That's the exact reason.
Oh, my God.
It's me.
Irish Tim Allen.
It's Irish Tim Allen.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
Irish Tim Allen, what did you do today?
We went on tool time, sir.
He talked to me neighbor Wilson.
He's a little Scottish.
Irish Tim Allen is a pirate.
Don't judge Salt Lake City.
You live on a salt lake.
Why is it a salt lake?
Why would you want to put salt in a lake?
The worst place for it.
Oh, sir.
I fixed that with me tool time supplies.
Oh, I'm Irish Seinfeld.
And he's Irish Tim Allen.
All right, thank you, Deuce.
Deuce, everybody.
I thought that Irish Seinfeld would have a lot more material
here in Salt Lake City, but he actually doesn't.
He actually, this is the city that puts me and Irish Seinfeld
on the same page.
And everybody, because he's like,
why can't you have a double?
That's it.
Why can't you have a double?
Just put a billboard outside as you enter the,
is that a statewide thing or a city thing?
A statewide.
Okay, so as you cross the border to Utah,
just put up a big billboard that says,
not you can't have a double.
Say, why can't you have a double?
And then the answer underneath it will say,
because we love you.
And they have like a black lady with a baby.
Something to make it.
Is there anybody here that's from Utah
that still manages to get drunk occasionally?
Is there anybody here that's a drinker?
Does it keep you from getting drunk?
I imagine, Jeff, that the alcoholism is rampant here.
Among the youth.
I saw SLC punk.
With Shaggy.
When I was like, I don't know, 16, 15,
I think I was like 15 years old in high school.
We came up to Utah from Southern California
on a ski trip.
So we went to like Park City and Snowbird
and you got a pair of Alto or Alto, whatever.
Yeah, it's great.
Best to know in the world.
And we had no booze.
We were all 16, 15 year olds.
And I was kind of like a huckster.
I was like a shoplifter and a bad person
and a burglarizer and stuff.
I was commissioned to go out and get the alcohol.
So I went to a hotel and it was a really cool
like little liquor store in the lobby of a hotel.
But it was just like liquor.
Like no beers, no nothing.
It was just like a really old time like
Chandler novel kind of thing.
Like an old hotel with a booze department in it.
And they probably had like a house dick
walking around, you know, like busting people.
And I went to the guy and I was skinny,
a little 15 year old.
He was like, hey, my dad's having a big party
with a bunch of his asshole friends up in the room
and they're too drunk to come down.
He sent me down to buy this stuff.
Here's his list.
And I just put this piece of paper in front of him.
He was like, oh wow, that's clever thinking of him.
So it's like, I just bought like just bags and bags
and bags and bags of booze.
And his response was, well, that's a good idea of your father.
I never thought of sending the kid down.
What a good idea.
It's good, yeah.
A human shield.
I came back.
I was like Alexander the Great when I came back around.
There was Trump.
There was a lot of booze.
The waiter, Marcus, came over to Deuce
and started whispering something to him.
And I thought he was going to,
I thought the SWAT team was going to come in
and stop talking to them about the liquor laws.
By the way, I filled up a glass of Grey Goose up here.
I'd say, is this like a sword swallowing act to you guys?
Like, am I like Mel Gibson and Beyond Thunderdome
with the kids?
Like, oh, the pocket clips.
Oh, fly, fly, pilot man.
He has a full glass of liquor in his hand.
All right.
I'm not man, it's not you guys.
It's the fucking government.
And by government, we mean the ghosts of like weird,
like it's got to be like some guy in the 1800s
was like, well, they can't have doubles
because every time I have a double,
I know I want to rape people
because I'm a vile person that makes laws
and I make them because I ask myself,
what would I like to do today
if I could do anything I wanted to do?
Well, I'd eat that little girl
and I'd own those black people
and I'd hit them when they did something wrong
and I'd clobber my wife over the head with a shovel
and like barrier in the backyard.
We got to start like making laws against this stuff
because they're making the mistake of going,
oh, everyone's a vile old prick in the world
and it's just, that's the problem.
That's why we have to figure out, Jeff,
the Constitution for Harmontown
and it has to be like a little piece of code.
It has to just be a very simple,
got to figure it out before we get back to LA.
I think it's do what you want.
It is do what you, it's everyone gets to do what they want.
You got to say it like that.
You got to say it, it's Jeremy Kramer's old bit,
do what you want.
It's like the mafia.
Everyone gets to do whatever they want
unless it interferes with someone else's ability
to do whatever they want.
Dot, dot, dot, question mark.
I don't know what to put in there.
If two people both want to do something
and they can't both do it without one of them
having to do something they don't want
or not getting to do whatever they want,
then you engage in a ritual called patty cake.
Well, I think back in the old days,
manors were, there was a high premium on courtesy
and people opened doors for each other
and people helped old ladies across the street
and put cloaks over puddles and stuff like that.
I don't know if they really did.
That might just be in a book.
But maybe they just had more cloaks back then.
They didn't care as much.
Now, I guess we have evolved technologically
and we evolve as a species.
Courtesy seems just to be something that's dying.
It's devolving.
The whole thing comes down to,
yeah, I want to do this, but I want to smoke a cigarette,
but these people might not want it,
and someone walks over and politely goes,
hey, man, can you not smoke a cigarette?
You know, I'm sorry.
I'll take it outside.
Have a human conversation about it.
Be adults. Have some common courtesy.
Yeah, but then there's this rise
of the passive-aggressive mutant,
like somebody who's cool
but is always getting what they want,
leveraging people socially.
You have to protect against...
Then you tell that person you're being a dick. Shut up.
Well, then that person can also say
you're being a dick for not giving a...
There needs to be a little bit of a foolproof.
I understand the whole idea is be cool.
But it's got to have...
Here's my theory.
There's got to be a way to back the dollar
with human life instead of, like,
a mythical piece of gold in Fort Knox
or a stock or the dollar itself
or pride in your country.
If you were able to back a nation's currency,
because currency is going to be useful
still for a little while.
We can't all become hippies and run around
and kiss gazelle or something.
We've got a hundred years left of still needing poker chips
to get through our day, to make transactions.
I say, though, you can back that currency with...
It's like a video game.
When you're playing a video game,
there are video games where you're walking down the street
and then there's a thing that goes,
someone needs help and then you go and help them
and then you get some bonus points.
And there are actual points that you can use
to get a bigger gun and blow the fuck out of something.
It's shit that you can use to make yourself cooler.
At the very least, when you show up...
I've discussed this before.
If I'm walking down the street
and there's a guy laying on the sidewalk
in a puddle of his own piss
and I'm like, I had a bad day today, can you help me out?
My reason for not stopping
and having a conversation with him
and seeing how I can help him is I'm late for lunch.
I got shit to do. I got a script to finish.
I got all this stuff to do.
And the reason I got to finish my script
or be on time to lunch with my friend,
all that stuff just has to do with capitalism, really.
It just has to do with, like,
okay, I'll end up like him if I help him.
I'll end up like him if I help him.
So all you have to do is reverse that
and say, if I help him,
the opposite.
So that when we see a guy laying
in the middle of the sidewalk in a puddle of his own piss,
we go, holy shit, I can't believe I found one.
Like, this is like a hidden package
in Grand Theft Auto.
I just stumble. Do you know how rare these are?
People who need my help?
I'm rich!
And because if I help him,
then it's like, I get points.
I get a power-up of some kind.
And then because
the whole country works that way,
we're the most powerful country in the world
because all the other countries go, like,
oh, that country where everybody's,
fuck, nobody's laying on the sidewalk
in their own piss.
They all just, every time someone
starts to have a bad day,
eight people jump on him and help him
so that they can profit off of it karmically.
And so everyone lives in a fucking, like,
penthouse over there. Everyone's, like,
floating around.
You're talking about destroying capital.
Now, like, so if you replace
helping people with capital, like,
the whole point is that we've got to a place
where capital is the whole point.
Accumulation of wealth is the definition of success.
Competition is a good thing.
You know, getting ahead of other people.
Yeah, but, but, like,
a couple thousand years ago,
the definition of poor was, you know,
you lived until 25
if someone didn't come into your house,
stab you in the face and fuck the stab-hole.
Like, that's not
what it means to be poor anymore.
Now being poor means you eat a Big Mac
out of a dumpster and you have a coat
that someone gave you.
Like, you're still walking around without a house
and you get fucking cold and you die sooner.
But, like, the
definition of
the 99% keeps going up.
We can increase that
by a thousand fold.
That's my theory. I'm no economics professor.
But I don't think that capitalism
necessarily, yes, it means
that there's, like, a pyramid in place
and that there's a competition in place.
But why can't the poorest person
in the world
have, like, a giant TV
and get to play video games and...
Oh, it could, but it profits none.
You know, enough food goes to waste every day
to feed almost everybody and, you know,
there's certainly enough housing and clothing for everybody,
but prices have to be at a certain place.
We have to make sure that rich, white, gross people
control shit.
They don't have to be.
That's been the easy way to do it,
you know, and it's all
kind of falling apart anyway.
Like, rich people, like, there's a
shorter path to, like, you know,
keeping poor people poor.
That's what makes sense to a rich person.
But, like, if you challenge them,
they tend to
figure you shit out.
The thing that bumps me out is, like, a room like this.
There's no government in here.
This is the proper definition of anarchism.
I mean, there's nobody ruling anybody here.
And it's like, I'm Jesus Christ.
I'm gonna shit on my hand and throw it at you.
No cop can help me.
Like, like,
that guy, that guy becomes in charge.
He's Bane now.
Oh, I'm, I'm,
I'm headlining at wise guys.
Like, I'm the new Kevin Neelan.
There's a lot of
Kevin Neelan pictures.
Kevin, Kevin Neelan is there.
Is Kevin Neelan a part owner here?
Did Kevin Neelan, like,
create a dying pregnant woman here?
See, I think in the middle of his act,
a woman was like, I'm six months pregnant
and chunking on a hot wing.
And he's like, excuse me.
And, like, just brought her back to life
and gave her $1,000.
Kevin, Kevin, before you go,
how can we repay you?
Your thanks is enough.
No, how can we repay you?
Put up 400 photos in the end.
Create a system of laws in my name
that make it hard to drink.
I am the Neelan.
He's like the Stargate guy.
He'll come back every once in a while
and suppress literacy.
But he gets worshipped here.
Anyways, like, if that guy,
if a guy stood up and, like,
fucking tried to choke me to death,
you would be the people
that helped me.
You would save me, possibly.
And vice versa.
Like, we have weight staff here.
Maybe we have a bouncer here.
We have, you know, we...
These are all private, anarchic roles.
Like, we put...
You need a bouncer and you need a white person
and you need a club owner
and you need a performer and you need an audience.
We're not animals.
We know how to fucking behave ourselves.
We don't need a fucking senator
to tell us, like, what left from right is.
Those are the only people
that don't ever do anything.
It just fucking confounds me.
We've created a new society
where we...
You know how, like, bees,
they raise their own royalty.
They're just sitting there as larvae.
You could fucking eat them.
Like, and then these queens hatch
and then they sting the other queens to death
and then they take over and these poor soldiers
are just like, oh, thank God we have a queen again.
Like, I understand
the desire for comfort and leadership,
but in America,
the idea that was that we...
those people are civil servants.
You're not wearing a crown.
You're wearing a clip on tie.
Get to work, motherfucker.
So I can go do the shit I enjoy.
I want to be a radio DJ.
I want to be a dentist.
I want to dig a ditch and then, like, punch a clock
and not worry about shit from 8 p.m.
to 6 a.m.
Some people might prefer doing that shit.
None of us want to balance the budget
and make the garbage trucks run on time.
That's why we elect officials.
The president is supposed to be
a fucking dipshit civil servant.
He's not supposed to be someone
that we cower in the presence of
and most importantly,
that people literally murder
and cheat and lie and steal
to try to become, because they have the most power
in the world.
And all these fucking lawmakers,
all right, anyway, sorry, let's do a fart corner!
Fart corner!
Farts corner!
Hold on, I got to cue up the music.
Fart corner offsets the political rants.
Fart corner is the place where a dignity dance.
Fart corner's gonna make it real!
Fart!
Alright, it's that time again.
Fart corner!
Get ready to get farted on by your favorite
farder, Dan Harmon!
What's your name?
Dude.
Colton. No, it's not.
Woo!
Fart corner!
Sorry about the armchair politics.
But when we go to the moon, I swear to God,
like, when we go to the moon,
the first person I catch talking about
me like I'm in charge gets shot.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay, I overreacted, I overreacted.
Set the guy not in charge.
Alright, we have to...
It's complicated, it's complicated.
We have to work it out, but
I knew that Salt Lake City was the place
to talk about this because
they're living in a...
They come face to face
with the absurd hypocrisy every day.
They live in a lake made of salt.
Are you guys proud of living here?
Is this a place where people take pride
in living in?
Woo!
Well, who would say no?
It was a measured...
Deuce is shaking his head, no.
Yeah, but there's an elitist effect, too.
You could ask that in Brooklyn.
Okay, I just...
Towns that aren't New York or LA,
we have this kind of elitist training, too,
to go like, oh, I live in Denver,
but... Sorry, I burped.
I live in Denver, but I don't like it.
Can I leave with you?
You know, there's places...
And it's self-hatred.
I've been here a bunch of times,
and I don't know anything really about this town.
Last night, I don't think we really got
to meet the true Denver.
It's nice to...
We leave right after the show.
We have a couple drinks, we get on the bus,
and we go to Portland.
Well, you know, Utah, I mean,
there's no better way to get to know
a community that you're in, Jeff,
than familiarizing yourself with
its active sports community.
It's that time again.
Sports Corner!
Hey, everybody, it's a lot like
Park Corner. It's a lot like
Park Corner, but less people get farther, though.
He's going to fart in your favorite
sports team, Dan Harmon.
Sports Corner, Utah!
All right, Dan, you've been
pretty vocal in the past about
the jazz. What's
your problem with this team? Why do you come down so hard on it?
Jeff, defense. This is a game about
defense.
The jazz needs to understand
that if you're not protecting the ball,
you're actively attacking it for the other team.
Yeah.
And that is a simple thing.
Our moms told us that when we would play
the jazzest game.
I mean, he's a little older,
he's still putting the numbers up.
Do you think it was wise to re-sign Carl Malone?
I think Carl...
I think Carl Malone is
a legend, but he's a functional
legend. There's legends and then there's fossils.
So you look at Kubrick, you look at
...
You look at Hitchens on the Nuggets,
you look at, I don't know, Tiger Woods
out there in the seventh inning of the last
Clippers game.
Malone
Malone is different from
Woods, different from Kubrick, different from Hitchens
in that he's
a functional legend. He still has value.
Most importantly, leadership.
The other jazz...
The other jazzes are going to look
at Malone
and they're going to remember what it's like
to be proud of the jazz.
Listen,
it's a game about spirit and mind.
I don't know what people think moves that ball
from left to right out there,
but it's
not just yardage, it's handicaps,
it's icing the knee,
it's taking things quarter by quarter
and it's leadership, it's belief
that your team can do it and Malone brings
that to the jazz.
Frankly, that's what the jazz has been missing.
I'm not going to win any popularity contest
saying this, but
Malone belongs on that team
and Hitler was right.
Sports Corner
Brought to you by Nabisco
Secret racist agenda in Sports Corner.
Don't know if you caught it. Sports Corner
Stuck in a pro
Nazi message at the end.
It's just that simple.
Sometimes you catch it, sometimes you don't.
Some of your racist agendas
are more subtle than other times.
That's when you just said Hitler was right.
He got caught.
Jimmy the Greek got caught.
I'm very cool about it.
I'll slip it in.
I give a boom, goes to the dynamite.
Hitler was right.
What do you think Hitler did right?
Top 10?
Yardage.
He really put up some yardage
against Poland in 1939.
He was first in completions.
Always be attacking.
This is going to end up out of context
on Huffington Post
or TMZ.
And the word Chevy Chase
is going to get mentioned seven times.
Oh well.
That's life in the tag cloud.
It's a tag cloud society now, Jeff.
Got to keep that ball moving.
You know, I feel like
there's been one good thing.
There's been many good things about this Harmon tour
that we've been doing.
But speaking of the internet
and the benefits that it has,
I think if we do one thing in this tour
is that we've released into the ether
Spencer Crittenden.
Spencer.
Spencer to the stage.
Spencer, are you with us?
Spencer Crittenden, everybody!
Oh.
Approaching the table.
Wearing his vintage community shirt.
He sets down his bag
with an earth-shattering thud.
The mics are hot
but the crowd is hotter.
His beard contains secrets
and scrambled eggs.
He's a better rapper.
Yeah, yeah.
Spencer, I did a rap debut last night
in Denver. Yeah, it hasn't podcast yet
so we're letting you know.
Spencer has emerged as the master rapper
of the tour bus.
I don't feel like the battle has really reached
an end. No, no, no.
I think that was the first...
That was the opening cling-clang of a sword fight.
We haven't really got up that staircase
and swiped the candles in half yet.
Can we talk about Gobler's Knob a little bit?
I was laying in my bunk
in the tour bus and we were about
45 minutes out from Salt Lake City
and I'm looking on the map where we are
and I noticed a little town
I don't even know if any roads connected
to the highway we were on.
It's just a knob. I don't even know if it's a town.
On a map known as Gobler's Knob
which...
That's what I would call a town if you let me
name towns.
Has anybody been to Gobler's Knob?
Really? It's not that...
Has anybody heard of Gobler's Knob?
Yeah, pull it up on the map.
We should all go after the show.
We should all go to Gobler's Knob.
They changed the name though. It used to be
really embarrassing. It was like
just penis dick
cock swallow valley.
Boner Huffer.
Gobler's Knob.
I love that it's not knob goblers.
It's Gobler's Knob.
Hi, I'm Carl Gobler.
There's a knob where
you can have a nice glass of lemonade
with me, Carl Gobler.
Why isn't there a band called Gobler's Knob?
It's so good.
Gobler's Knob.
Everything at Gobler's Knob
is very, very serious.
You know that they have to be very serious there.
If there's people that live there,
you know there are experts in keeping it cool.
There's like eight libraries
every block.
We live in Gobler's Knob,
so somebody fucking compensates here.
You see, Dan said earlier
they probably have a really good holocaust museum there.
Yeah.
Anything serious.
There are experts in the serious.
It's all to offset.
There's a sign as you go into Gobler's Knob.
It says, welcome to Gobler's Knob.
This is a serious place.
This is for real.
You didn't come here to make fun of us, did you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You want a t-shirt, we get it.
If they had any brains,
there's a big sign that says welcome to Gobler's Knob
and there's a gift shop right there.
Get your t-shirt.
There's a turkey sucking a dick.
There was a guy
in Milwaukee.
I just want a t-shirt with a turkey sucking a dick.
I'm from Milwaukee, Wisconsin
and there was a war hero
from there
that fought in World War II, I think,
and he had parks named after him
and some streets named after him
and his last name was Bong.
And there was a Bong Wreck area.
And the sign
was cold riveted.
There was, I would say,
Bong Wreck area is this little sign
that was just like any
ordinary sign for anything else,
but it was like fucking eight bolts
per centimeter.
It was like razor wire
going up to it.
Giant chisel marks in the side of it.
And they actually, I saw an interview
with his granddaughter
or something
who's still a Milwaukee kind of
socialite or philanthropist
or something, you know, the Bong name
lives on in Milwaukee.
The journalist had to just be doing it
as a bit. It was like this interview
with this woman that was like
she just didn't understand
why is it the most
stolen sign in all of Wisconsin?
Why do people
keep stealing the Bong Wreck area sign?
He was a war hero. He tried to do good
with his life, but I don't know if they're
being disrespectful
or if they just appreciate history.
It's because
it looks perfect in your basement.
There will never be enough
Bong Wreck areas to put that sign up.
Spencer, I saw on the
Instagrams that you and Aaron
made snow angels and you did it in your shorts.
Oh yeah, totally.
Did you bring pants? I brought
one pair of jeans.
Are they magic jeans? Do they have one use?
Are you saving them for something?
Oh yeah, they recharge every couple of days,
so I've been cycling them.
Is it for you, like when people
tell me to tie my shoe, like
people telling you to not wear shorts?
It's just obnoxious because people think
that because they're little wusses about
weather.
That I am and I'm just fine.
I was fine in Bloomington. I was fine in
Chicago. I'm fine here.
You're not doing it to prove a point.
You're doing it because you're more comfortable that way.
Well, at some point when people start
telling you to put on pants, you do it
to prove a point, but honestly,
I'm fine. If I thought I'd be more comfortable
wearing pants, I would've just put them on.
But the worst thing is,
when I was a kid, people would tell me
to take a shower, you gotta comb your hair,
take a shower, you stink, you're a piece of shit.
And then the
one day I took a shower
and combed my hair and got on the bus
and all the eighth graders were like,
wow, look at that dude.
Give me skin, man. Give me five.
Fucking seriously, man. Good job.
Good job. And I was like, never again,
motherfucker.
You just redefined
lack of hygiene.
I am going to be a millionaire
and I'm going to smell like a butt.
You've done it. You've
accomplished your dream.
Yeah, I took a shower in the hotel today.
You can't even tell. I'm so dirty
it doesn't matter anymore.
I'm 800 showers behind.
I have to take like 80
showers in a row.
Our turbos smells pretty good.
It's certainly about a halfway point.
It would be smelling like a locker room on there,
but it's pretty good.
People tell me, like girlfriends and stuff,
you talk about your lack of hygiene,
but you actually don't stink that bad.
Your body is covered with
this symbiotic
community of microbes.
When you wash,
I'm not saying people shouldn't wash.
I'm just saying like,
part of your immune system,
your body's immune system that fights off
weird germs and stuff from the outside world,
part of why we've all been touching
bathroom doorknobs forever without
having there be a giant epidemic,
is because your body is, there's no real
estate on your body for germs because
it's covered in germs, your own germs.
It's wall to wall.
The entire surface of your skin
is shoulder to shoulder
with, you know, boogins and stuff.
So it's like some kind of revisionist
hygiene history.
No, it's just, look it up.
Google it, you fuckers.
You cleanists.
If you take too many showers,
you'll like break out more often and stuff
because it wipes out that bacteria
that would otherwise be kind of protecting it.
And I think, Aaron says like,
because I'll not take a shower for
many days.
And Aaron said,
you don't really start to,
you don't just start to stink.
You just start gradually to smell more
and more like bread.
I've
smelled you when you stink. It ain't bread.
Well,
then I don't
love you.
No, we're never going to fuck.
Yeah, but maybe that's like a body
chemistry thing. I think so.
I think people's noses and other people's
BO are like, there's a thing,
like it's like a speed dating thing.
I mean, there's a thing for anything.
I could make this up, but I'm not.
Somebody told me about this.
I don't know where they're doing this,
but it's kind of, it's like a speed dating
kind of weird thing where people get together.
You don't shower for
a day or
two days. I don't know what it is.
You take the clothes
and then you freeze them.
You bring them to
this gathering.
And then the people do this speed dating
thing where these thawed
BO shirts.
No cologne, no deodorant, but it's just
your BO.
Men and women, just like these anonymous piles
of clothes, and people go around
in circles and they smell
the bread.
And you write down
what you're okay with.
Like, oh, shirt number eight.
I don't mind that.
It smells like my dad or something.
And
I can tell that person hasn't
had a shower for two days, but at the same time
I wasn't repelled by it.
And
I'll tell you in the next
podcast whether or not it's working.
80 people have been married
and that's all I heard.
Interesting concept.
You could do personality tests.
They gave people shirts and had them wear them around
for like a week and then they gave them to a lab
and then they gave them to people who weren't
trained to like understand and they'd
like made them smell it and said,
what do you think about this person who
wore this shirt? And they were like actually
pretty accurate compared to if you just
looked at the person and tried to form a judgment.
Interesting.
Granted, our noses as primates have been
totally shut down.
That's why we're blown away by dogs and cats
because we used to have snouts like
that.
Our eyes moved forward to the
front of our head to get stereoscopic color
and all this equipment
all this computer equipment up behind
your nose like that had to get
liquidated and like sold
and shut down.
Our noses compared to dogs are like
dogs noses are pretty much
their eyes. Dogs smell
as much as we see
and they just use their eyes
to not bump into a wall
and kind of zero in on the butthole
to smell.
But then that butthole is like
a Facebook page.
I'm not the first person
to bring this up at Wise Guys
in Salt Lake City.
I'm sure Kevin Nieland's got 20 minutes on this.
But there's a wealth
of information they get out of that
but all we get is it smells
like poop. But
that being said I think there is more to smell
than we are used to
experiencing. Anyways
we got
deep tonight Salt Lake. I mean you can't
say that Dan Harmon didn't
come to your town and confuse you.
And
that's what this show is all about.
Should we
go out in the crowd and find us?
We have to make a connection man. We're not going to be here long.
You want to make a personal connection
with someone in Salt Lake?
I like to go
with people who are feeling pain.
Not necessarily physical.
Someone who thinks they had a pretty bad day.
It really doesn't have to be in a funny way
but anybody that's willing to
talk about
if it's a breakup
that you're not able to get over
or a job transition
or a long spate of unemployment
what's that?
Are you volunteering yourself?
I got some job troubles?
Okay let's bring them up. What's your name?
Craig.
This is Craig.
I'm from Wisconsin.
Oh Craig from Wisconsin.
I don't know why people didn't instinctively
applaud you when you came up
under the stage.
Maybe you smell weird.
I don't know.
Craig so
you're specifically
having a hard time transitioning
occupationally?
I taught art for 20 years Dan.
And last year
I had to resign just because
Wisconsin has got some real bad habits.
Wisconsin has horrible things going on
educationally yes.
My brother's wife is a teacher there.
But now I'm trying to figure out
what to do next man.
Have you considered the Dan Harmon lookalike
contest that's happening?
I think it's tomorrow night
in Ogden, Utah
that's the grand prize.
Let's get a picture together here
at the very least.
Can you tell
us Craig like
holy shit.
Guys over here.
Wow.
Who are your glasses for a second?
Sure.
So Craig tell me about your job.
Hey look I was a teacher
for 20 years Dan
and Wisconsin's fucked up.
Now I'm looking
for more work.
Tell us Craig.
I was going to say while Craig was Dan
I was going to make him rap.
Craig can you
Yeah.
We'll build up to it.
I want to hear about this Wisconsin thing
because I keep hearing about it.
It's my home state shit is fucked up there.
Specifically it's more fucked up.
Education
it's a hot button
it's a liberal thing but it's also so
fucking true.
It's one of the cheapest things
that we could be spending money on.
I love the kids too man.
I love the kids but there's so many rules
that are not working.
It's so easy to suck money out of that
out of that sector and it makes
no sense.
It only makes sense to creepy rich people
because they don't get rich the next day
by putting any money into the idea
like yeah but it happens so fast
20 years from now you're going to feel that
you're going to have to do this
it's like the first thing you're going to
do is you tell us what's going on in Wisconsin
that has to do with unions and stuff
Yeah they kind of busted up the unions
for the teachers and
now the administrators of all the
school districts can make up their own
set of rules.
So I'm not supposed to speak about this
but I had 40 kids in my classroom
to try to teach art to at once
and it's like 40 kids is a lot of kids.
That was part of the course when I was
I went to Marshall High
before I went to Brown Deer
and I was like was it 6,000
4,000 kids
and then I went to the suburbs and it was
600 kids and it was like
15 or 20 kids in a class but
when I was in Milwaukee public schools
there would be 30, 40 kids in a class
especially in an art class where it's like
oh you have to take art we don't want to spend
any money on it.
You just six kids to a paint brush
because who's going to enforce this?
So again we had 30, 40 kids in my class
and I barely remember
that teacher's name because you got no
personal interaction with like we're all
making clay you know statues and stuff like that
there was no input, there was no connection at all
and so you end up doing a thing
and you get a grade on it but you don't know what you did
you don't know why you did it, there's no
interaction at all, there's no
nurturing or mentoring at all.
That must be especially hard on an art teacher
where it's all about expression.
Well you want them to be unique right?
And what not so...
Yeah there are human beings like you have no idea
like we obviously we
in a grand scheme of things what happened is
we know that education is important
we know that our kids have to go to school
and then all of a sudden this becomes like this
we have to have
this system so it's like and then
how do you allocate funding
to this system?
Because it's not socialism
it's the government funds
this thing so how much should we fund it?
What are your test scores in this school?
Okay so if our test scores
are this then we get this amount of money
for microscopes and if they don't
and the whole thing gets fucked up by guess what
money.
It's no place in medicine or education
I'm sorry to just be a typical liberal
but how
much more clear could it be
that education
and medicine like the dollar
getting near that stuff
it's only a couple minutes before
the fucking weird paradoxes start
to happen.
So what do we have to do in Wisconsin? I'll make it happen tonight Craig.
Awesome.
Are you out of a job now? Are you tired?
I'm currently unemployed.
Do you want to get back into teaching again?
Part of me will always be a teacher
but I want to come with Dan
and write movies.
You guys could like go to meetings
Dan could sleep.
You could go in.
It's like an Olsen twins movie.
Let's trick them.
You'd be sleeping in the car
and Dan would come out and you'd tag out
and you'd put a shirt on and you'd smell like him
and you'd go out in the meeting. Zemeckis
wants a movie about a giant. Go.
Wait a second. Dan.
We broke for lunch.
What were you wearing glasses
earlier before you went to the lunch?
Yes. The better to see you
with Mr. Spielberg.
Okay.
I don't know. You were being a real asshole
a couple of hours ago but now I really like you.
You seem a little older and wiser now.
You seem more artistic.
Yeah. You smell different.
All right.
Well, aside from taking you
to L.A. I mean come to L.A.
Write a screenplay.
Have you ever written screenplays before?
Is that something you dabble in?
Yes, I do.
What kind
of genre stuff do you do?
I've done some
channel 101 pieces.
Really? Channel 101
he's talking about.
I did a puppet
art teacher from Wisconsin
called Wackjack years ago.
You remember that one?
That might ring a bell.
It didn't make it into the screening?
It was the seventh one voted off.
So I didn't make it quite in.
All right. Well, I'm sorry.
It would have changed my life.
No. Way to go, Harmon.
It would have changed your life.
All you got to do is
wrap.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
I'll start.
You teach art.
You're unemployed.
I just farted. Sorry.
I didn't mean to do it.
I fucked your mama like her name was
Fruit.
I'll start over.
Breakdown. Salt Lake City.
Only thing that rhymes with that is your mama's city.
Hey!
Lake made of salt drove to get here
when ice instead of asphalt.
The bus almost tipped over three times.
Now I'm going to express it through rhyme.
It's a hard place to get to, but I love the people here.
I fucked your mama so hard
that she'd spray beer.
Craig coming to the mic.
Craig's coming to the mic.
There's Tom.
He went to school.
Mr. Harmon is feeling so cool.
Hey there, buddy.
Don't do nothing fun.
If you do, you're going to kill the sun.
Wow.
That's mythical.
He's Egyptian.
When you eat the sun,
every time you make a painting,
holy shit.
Sorry.
Painting?
The sun just got eaten.
The sun just got...
Sky black as clock.
Can't see anything.
I fucked your mama so hard
her pussy started to sing.
Said la la la.
And I said shh.
A story's building.
So far, just to keep
another day.
A woman's kitty sprayed beer.
And then someone got bad grades
in school so the sun got
eaten.
And now a woman's pussy is singing.
Yeah.
Maybe we can connect those dots.
Take it, Craig.
The sun is gone.
Hey mom, she's quite the fox
because she's the one with the singing box.
So don't go there.
She's not here.
Everybody go get all beer.
Salt Lake Craig.
Salt Lake Craig wrapped it up for us.
Salt Lake Craig, everybody.
All right.
For God's sake, support education.
Every time you...
Every time you get all excited,
thank you Craig.
Every four years, you know how we have this big ritual
where we pretend that the one guy
we vote for is going to make a huge fucking difference
for four years. There's also a bunch of other stuff
on the ballot. Every time you see the word education
say yes.
Because there's no way you will ever
go broke giving money to teachers
in schools. It's impossible.
Here's some stuff
that costs a lot of money.
Giant fucking weapons.
Like that will never be useful
against a guy who is born
in a crater and just wants
to blow shit up with his own body.
Like...
Like the tanks will keep.
They will keep.
Let's melt a couple of them down
and turn them into erasers. I think that's how that works.
We made a human connection.
Your city, your state.
The lower,
the more local your politics
get, the more important they are.
The pothole outside your house
needs filling. It gets filled
or not filled based on a person
or a community going like let's fill the pothole,
take those resources, allocate them.
A Walmart getting built on your corner.
That's like local shit.
The stop sign that stops a car accident
that stops people from dying.
We argue about the dumbest,
shit. I'm 40 years old.
Some of you are 25.
You think gay marriage and abortion
they've made it up.
They're pretending these are issues
because they're all in fucking cahoots
with each other. Fuck these guys.
Just like local politics
are kind of important.
All politics are bullshit, but local politics
are a little more...
You get a little fucking yardage
if you decide to...
It's all about yardage, man.
Don't...
Yeah, it's getting
tangled and crazy in Wisconsin because
we get...
We start thinking that we need some
Superman in the White House in order to change
the world and all that guy is.
I'm sure he's a great guy,
but what the fuck is he going to do?
Except to walk around and not embarrass me
when he talks. That's why I voted for him.
I literally just voted for Obama
because he was like, oh, he can speak.
I'm so embarrassed.
Was everybody crazy for...
The Mormon community here?
Was everybody really wild for Mitt during the election?
Yeah.
I'm curious about the Mormon thing.
A good half of the population here
is still actually maybe not here,
but...
How many Mormons do we have by applause
in the audience, in a Harmontown audience?
Quite a few.
20% maybe?
Yeah.
Your next Mormon?
By Mormons and is now
basically, according to Wikipedia,
half non-Mormon.
I mean, it's a capital city
in a city of industry now.
It's not about Mormonism anymore, necessarily.
There's not like a Mormon train
that's propelled by Mormonism.
The train
has electricity in it.
The banks have money in them,
not snakes.
I don't know what Mormons believe,
but...
I think they talk to snakes. I can't remember.
Should we get a Mormon person up here?
Can we have a Mormon up?
Not a Jack Mormon.
Let's get a gal up.
Let's get a woman on stage.
Let's have a female Mormon
that won't be...
We want a Mormon's...
a proud Mormon.
Not a self-loathing Mormon.
What's your name, miss?
Okay, say again.
Talitha.
Like Eurythra.
Like Eurytha?
No.
I met a guy...
There was a guy that had me sign his book
after the show.
He said, can you make...
Everybody's got a weird name, like Ridley and
Blaker.
The more original, the better.
There's a thousand ways to spell Aaron.
I always ask.
I was so used to asking,
can you get the right spelling?
Can you make it out to Jathan?
J-A-T-H-A-N.
J-A-S-O-N.
I have a horrible speech impediment.
It's really bad.
It's so bad that I found a cartoon.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Oh my God.
He's a Harmonian.
We have a list when you have an S in your name.
That's a bummer.
Alright, sorry.
Her name might be Talitha.
That's a joke I was making.
But no, it's Eurythra, right?
Right.
You're our first Mormon that I know of.
I don't know if anyone was a closet Mormon
that we've had on the show.
We're in the Mormon capital of the country.
I don't know what to ask.
What do we do with the Mormon, Jeff?
I don't know.
It occurs to me that I really know nothing
about Mormonism except the
Mormon families that were in my high school.
I know that they were very tightly knit,
very large families generally,
and very close.
They had their little home evening
or what do you call that?
Family home evening?
Do you still do that with your family?
Are you coming from a large family as well?
I do.
Well, I have a pretty big family
and I don't know
by whose standards,
but I've got...
I actually have five kids
and I'm 31.
Wow, hey.
That's a big deal because, Jeff,
what I've heard about Mormons is that you all get your own planet
in the afterlife.
That's one of the eight things that I've heard about Mormonism
is that part of the scheme of the afterlife
involves your own world.
I've had three kids
and then we adopt two kids, too.
That's pretty common.
Are these things like caricatures?
Remember when 9-11 happened?
All the ticker tape on CNN could talk about
is the 70 virgins because everyone wanted to know
who would do this, why would they do it?
That was the talking point.
Let's find the weirdest, silliest sounding thing
about Islam that we can
and just repeat it over and over again.
Well, they think in heaven that your dick is a pine tree.
You know, like,
hey, they already blew up a building.
We already hate them.
Why did they do it?
I'm just wondering, like,
because Christianity
has all kinds of weird shit about it
that if you've focused in on
and Judaism and everything,
like,
for a modern Mormon,
what do we talk about? Magic Underwear I've heard?
I've heard about the planet
that everyone gets when they die
and...
And no coffee.
No coffee? Is that Amish?
Oh, no stimulants?
No diet coke, right?
Yeah, there's a...
Yeah, like a health code, kind of.
I don't drink alcohol.
And
you stay away from
addictive substances, just in general.
Right.
You get to have cool haircuts, though.
There's no rule against that. She looks very cool.
I'm telling the podcast audience
that sounded patronizing.
She's actually really...
If you had a podcast audience you were
casually reporting to, you would sound sarcastic sometimes,
like the person at the bank would go,
you can't have your money, I go,
I can't have my money, folks, it's just the way it works here.
Magic Underwear,
what does that mean? I've heard that
phrase, Magic Underwear.
I'm sure that's speaking
in terms of
a clothing garment
that LDS people wear.
Right.
LDS is Latter-day Saints, so that's the church,
the name of the church.
No, nothing magic.
It's symbolic.
Right.
What is it? Is it about chastity?
Partly, yeah.
It's symbolic of...
Get really specific, because I swear to God,
I've heard that phrase,
people who are hating on Mormons, they go,
they have magic underwear.
They believe in magic underwear.
They believe in Malaamari.
So,
knowing that that's all I've heard,
that's all I've heard, like, what does that mean?
And I also haven't seen
the Trey Parker Mattsnown musical.
I don't know anything.
I don't know how to
get into it without having like a whole
discussion about, you know,
all the fundamentals, but...
Let's do it.
We got all night.
I don't know if this is the right form.
We have a Neelan's here on Tuesday, but...
I can get the missionaries here in about five seconds.
We already burned through a fart corner. We got nothing left.
I was hoping to get farted on.
Well, is there fear of getting it wrong, of sounding like you're misrepresenting your religion?
No, no, no, no.
Or is there fear of people that aren't affiliated, like, judging you?
Or is it just a fear of making the podcast six hours long because it's that complicated?
No, no. I mean, the gospel is simple.
It's a Christian gospel.
Right.
So it's the Church of Jesus Christ of Lottery of Saints.
There were more books later, like, in the New World.
Oh, yeah, yeah. You're familiar.
Books written at the same time that, yeah.
But the underwear, like, you can't...
You don't want to cartoonify your religion, but...
If you go back to, like, in the Old Testament, the book of Exodus and things like that,
they talk about when they go to the temple and putting on the holy garment.
So it's the same type of thing. It's symbolic of certain covenants you make at the temple.
So this is not a sexual thing at all. This is not about...
No!
Oh, see, like, you know, Orthodox Jews, like, there's some sects of Judaism
where they have sex through a hole in a blanket or whatever?
Because everyone has their own, you know, old religions.
They have old, old ideas about sex that are...
I thought when I heard magic underwear, I automatically assumed it was some kind of, like...
That you wore during...
Yeah, there was, like, didn't have a flap in it or something.
So that when you were 16, you got a flap, or...
And then you get to go to prom.
And Talitha, I'm assuming you're not wearing it now.
You wear it when you go into the temple, right?
No, at all times.
So it's like a yarmulke, or, I mean, they don't...
So you wear it all the time?
Are you wearing it now?
I am, yeah.
And it's about, like, a yarmulke is about, like, humbling yourself before God.
Like, you're covering your head. It's a symbolic, like, God-fearing thing.
So this underwear is covering your...
So symbolic of...
Well, starting, like, your body is, like, your temple.
Your body is your gift from God. It houses your spirit.
So your body is kind of like your most sacred physical possession, I guess.
Where do you go?
And the fundamental level, no matter what you're doing out in society, underneath it all,
is your relationship with the cosmos.
I mean, this is like, when I was a kid, we had a thing called Underoos.
That where the...
They're sacred to you.
Well, I mean, in a secular sense, yes, sacred.
I'm getting picked on. I'm getting a swirly.
But I'm the Hulk down here.
They just don't know it. I'm Aquaman.
You know, I have a relationship with...
With, you know...
That doesn't sound... Magic underwear.
See, people are too...
Yeah, we trivialize stuff.
But also, people are very freaked out by other people's spirituality and stuff like that.
So we do the opposite of trivializing it, right?
We make it into too big a deal, because every single little thing,
like religious traditions and rituals,
are little, tiny, little things that sometimes have practicality
and sometimes don't, but in all cases are designed
to remind the individual in a world where God's not hanging out all the time
that God is a part of their life, that they have a relationship with the unknown.
And scientists get to punch a clock at work every day.
Their job is to study the unknown and figure shit out
so they don't need magic underwear to remind them.
But if you work at Verizon, there's a lot of people
that are going to try to make you think that you should worship Verizon
and they should go fuck themselves if you're a Mormon,
because when you go home at night, you're beholden to this other thing.
Do you go to a store to get them? Do you make them yourself?
How do you...
It's an authorized store, yeah.
So the church makes them.
Yeah, it's like an authorized pattern.
It's like kosher food.
There's some factory somewhere where there's a rabbi going like,
this hot dog's good to go.
It's an authorized pattern.
Don't answer this if you don't want to. I'm not being creepy.
What do they look like? What part of your body?
What physically?
Huh?
Granny underwear?
Just like from here to here.
Really?
Like an old tiny swimsuit?
No, just like a shirt and shorts.
I still make one piece.
I hope everyone else got their buddy's words, but I certainly do.
I'm glad I finally learned about the magic underwear thing.
Let's say you go to the beach. Let's say you're taking a swim in the Salt Lake.
What do you... Do you swim in the Salt Lake?
You're taking a float in the Salt Lake.
Yeah, then you would just not wear them for activities that wouldn't...
Gotcha.
That you couldn't normally do without.
Like, so, you know, if I'm going swimming or going to work out or...
All right.
You got five children. You can have any more. Is that the limit?
I'm not coming on to you, by the way.
You have sexy hair. We want to know about your underwear.
Let's make it around six.
I'm drawing conclusions.
How fertile are you?
Okay, well, yeah, I keep thinking, like, oh, there's a big wrap-up question,
because I don't want to just have brought you up and talked about underwear,
but communication is always a fucking thing.
Like, I'm obsessed with race, you know, all the time.
I grew up in the 70s. It's like, when I was a kid on the playground,
I was like one white kid and I'd be surrounded by a bunch of black kids.
And, like, I remember back then it was the 70s,
and, like, we were coming off our Norman Lear sitcoms,
and everyone was talking about the fact that people were different,
and you'd have conversations, and you'd go up to a black kid and you'd go,
can I touch your hair?
What does it feel like?
And, overall, you wouldn't know, because people were communicating,
because, like, that's the human gift, is to communicate.
And then, like, somebody's saying, oh, they have magic underwear over Calamari,
and then that's all I hear, and then, like,
all of the problem is in everything that's not explained.
Like, it actually doesn't sound very weird at all,
and it doesn't sound very magical, either.
Or, yeah.
Sounds like ritualistic, ceremonial.
Yeah, it's ceremonial, symbolic.
Does it have a big M on it?
Yeah, that's Mario, that's Mario, I'm sorry.
Well, let's have a hand for our Mormon representative.
Thank you, Talitha.
Thank you.
I was hoping I could get farted on.
You want to get farted on?
I was hoping.
All right.
You want the music?
Yes, please.
Hang on, hang on, that's good.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Pretend I didn't do that.
That didn't count.
Talitha wants the music.
Fart corner!
Religious edition.
All faiths from corner to corner.
Everyone's going to get farted on.
That's a gear and a torner.
Made up a new word that I can do that.
Human beings can make up words and religions.
That's our talent.
That's what we do.
It's called mythology, so scoop-de-doo!
Yeah!
Fart it on a Mormon!
Talitha, everybody, thank you so much for that.
You know what Joseph Campbell said about religion, Jeff?
Don't fart on it?
To paraphrase Joseph Campbell, people fuck it up because they think the Bibles are newspapers.
Your religion is supposed to have a transparency to it.
You're supposed to be in on the joke.
You're supposed to have one foot in, one foot out.
The whole point of religion, the whole point of God is that the jar that God comes in says on the label,
you're not supposed to understand it.
It's not fucking steak sauce.
You don't get to incorporate it into your day-to-day without any degree of problems or difficulties with the people around you.
It's a very personal thing.
Some religions make it a communal thing.
Notice how their communities, their kids have higher test scores and bigger pools,
and we get jealous of them and then we throw bricks at their windows.
It's like, fucking, it's God, dude.
It's like, it's confusing shit.
It both exists and doesn't exist.
That's a big confuser right there, isn't it?
That's a tough one to handle.
He's not going to come down and go like, hey, welcome to Wise Guys.
Is everybody doing okay?
That would be the worst God ever.
As soon as he does that, he's fired.
He becomes Kevin Neland.
As soon as he makes an appearance, that's all he is, is Kevin Neland.
He retains God status by staying out of the picture.
There are less images of Jesus in a church than there are of Kevin Neland in this comedy clip.
Jesus is good with just that one, like, hey, did a thing.
And our parents fuck us up.
It's a popular 25.
When you're 25, you go like, well, I don't, but you smoke a joint and you go like,
ah, man, you know, God, just fucking bullshit.
I don't believe in some guy in a cloud with a beard.
You know, I'm spiritual, but I'm not religious.
It's fine, it's fine.
Just because your parents are dipshits doesn't mean that Santa Claus and God are the same thing.
I thought it was just your parents trying to pull a whammy on you.
Spencer, do you believe in all the way to jaded cynicism just to get back at your parents?
What a waste of a giant brain that's designed to create and live mythology.
Spencer, do you have any spiritual side to you?
Do you believe in God?
What's your take on the whole rigmarole?
I was raised a Christian, and when I was young, I accepted the Lord.
Sorry, it's a tone of voice thing.
It wasn't a leap of faith for me.
It was like, okay, there's this dude.
Wait, if you're going to describe that moment, can we do it D&D style?
I guess.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by Christian parents.
Okay, with Bibles.
I was talking about a thing.
I can't switch gears that fast.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
He was going to talk about God, but he was going to explain what was going on.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
Walking into the room clutching Bibles.
Your parents say they want to pray with you before they go out to eat.
Swallowing your pride, you acquiesce.
No, but I mean, it just, it made sense to me as a kid, and then I grew up,
and it made less sense to me, and I was never someone who had faith like in anything.
I don't have faith that my mom was going to go back, you know, come home if she left.
I didn't have faith that the bus was going to arrive.
I have faith in nothing.
So when it stopped making sense, I was like, okay, this doesn't make sense.
I stopped taking it to be fact.
So I think that there's definitely some sort of ethereal metaphysical power,
and it manifests itself in many ways that we don't understand.
I don't know what those are because we don't understand them.
Ghosts, the Loch Ness Monster, and spontaneous combustions.
Those could all be the same thing, like those could be miracles,
or those could all be psychic powers.
The Loch Ness Monster makes spontaneous combustion happen.
Yeah, whenever you like the dreams about the sun.
No, absolutely. I mean, when I was growing up, my parents were Christian,
and told me when I would break a flower pot, they'd go,
swear in the Bible that you didn't break it and all this stuff.
Nothing will make you an atheist quicker than Christian parents.
And that's a proud American tradition.
Because your parents' Christianity is like, man, it can really blow.
It's like their car. You get a station wagon from them,
and you don't want either.
Your dream is to get a Camaro.
When I was a kid, I was raised in a Lutheran school as a little kid,
and you had the Sunday school and you heard the Bible stories.
That was the only thing I kind of liked.
I never knew what they meant, but I liked the mythology of it.
I liked the storytelling about people blowing trumpets and knocking walls down.
I had no idea what the point of it all was.
But I knew that Lutheran church, you get to sit there and doodle and nobody cares.
So I just drew a lot, and I would leave the church,
and I'd go up to the pastor and he would put his hand out and he would say,
let's see what you drew.
He didn't care that I wasn't listening.
He actually liked my little drawings.
I told the story before I got on the podcast where I went to Sunday school,
and my mom asked, what did you do today at Sunday school?
It was like our first day at Sunday school,
and I told her and she pulled me out because it was like,
we learned to recognize Bible characters with flashcards.
We learned to recognize them visually.
I can tell you the difference between Ham and Noah,
because Ham had a cane in his hand.
Noah had a backpack.
But confusingly, they were both cartoons.
They both looked like Captain Caveman.
Confusingly, Kane had a ham in his hand.
And I explained this to my mom.
I said, I can tell you who Ham's wife looks like.
I can tell you Noah's wife looks like.
That is ridiculous.
My mom said, that is ridiculous.
And you don't have to go to Sunday school anymore.
Holy smoke.
But she also put the whammy on me with the, you know,
God exists and don't.
If I would be programming my Commodore 64 and it wouldn't work right,
I would go, God damn it, fucking computer.
And my mom would go, you know, she'd slap me and go,
don't use the Lord's name in vain.
I think she was carrying some shit over from her parents.
She just knew that if she had a kid that didn't respect God,
she would fuck up as a parent.
So she was just out of paranoia and anxiety.
It was like just putting the fear into me and nothing else.
There was nothing.
And I remember I had these books that would be like,
like the hand-me-downs of like, oh, see Dick and Jane hang out.
Oh, they lost their dog.
Oh, where's the dog?
Where's Spot?
We can't find Spot.
And I'm like, I'm learning to read.
This is great.
Well, we can't find Spot.
What should we do?
Turn the page.
Let's pray.
What?
Jesus can help you find your dog.
He used to be hanging out in his robe in the middle of this book
about these 50s kids looking for their dog.
I remember that being a drag.
Because it wasn't a good story.
It was Deus Ex Machina.
And also weird, like Jesus is not like a cool-looking character
in a children's book.
Pardon me, Dan.
It's very interesting.
Carlos, could I get another ale, please?
Did you call him Carlos?
That's his name, isn't it?
It's Marcus, isn't it?
No, it says Marcus as he's wearing someone else's name tag.
What the fuck?
Wait, so your name is Carlos and you steal clothes?
Do you have any idea?
We should point out he's definitely white.
Because I don't want podcast listeners to hear,
just hear, oh yeah, there's a guy named Carlos
that's wearing Marcus's clothes.
What happened to Marcus?
I found my name tag.
Oh, you found it again.
Oh, ooh, Mystery Solves.
Thank you, Kevin Neland.
I don't know, Plot thickens.
As far as I'm concerned, not Mystery Solves.
All right, let's play Dungeons and Dragons.
All right, let's do it.
Erin McGathy, will you please join us on stage?
And Carlos, once again, thank you for my beer, sir.
Is this legal?
Can I do this?
All right, perfect.
Carlos broke the law by bringing you the beer
because he's not eating while he's doing it.
Carlos has to have a pretzel in his hand
in order to bring you the beer.
All right, so Aaron,
I never know how the show's going
because I'm up here.
Did I bore people with my political and religious?
No, I thought it's a great show so far.
There's a lot of content.
Four Star Review from my girlfriend.
I liked a whole lot.
I love the religious talk.
My dad was a preacher, my mom was a theology professor,
so I love that stuff.
Is that why I turn you on?
I mean, if you want to be gross, I think so a little bit.
I was thinking about this a few nights ago.
You're kind of a preacher.
You're a fisher of men, a little bit.
I have a congregation.
Yeah, similar to my dad.
Yeah.
Does he smell like your dad?
No, the dicks taste the same, but...
Bread!
Bread.
They taste like focaccia.
No, no, no.
Shout out to my dad.
It is delicious clerical cock.
Wow.
So awful, so awful.
Sorry to lethah.
No, it's nice. You spent some time with my dad.
I have a really nice, wonderful, smart, very cool dad.
Sexy, strong, lies.
I went fishing with him. He's a cool dude.
I like him.
You said he had a bunch of Mormon jokes that he used to tell,
and then you texted him when he chickened out,
and he said, I never had any Mormon jokes.
He said Aaron, I was just explaining Mormon theology to you.
That's why I'm here.
I mean, if you find that funny,
I am the beholder.
It's on you.
But I thought you told me a story once about when your dad was a Navy chaplain.
He had a Scientology book in his office,
and somebody asked him what's going on,
and he said, I'm reading this because one of the seamen,
one of my flock, is a Scientologist,
and he's reading all the Scientology books
so that he can get a better chaplain to whoever's on board his ship.
That is fucking cool.
That's cooler than I would be.
I'd be like, come on.
I'd read the back of the book, and I'd be like, okay.
I really loved having T'lith up there and talking about stuff.
We certainly didn't get to the bottom of the heavy...
That's a whole podcast we could do.
Absolutely, but I was at a box brother's,
like a place where you mail stuff,
and I was at Santa behind a dude in Los Feliz in our neighborhood,
and he's a very well-dressed, middle-aged guy, nice suit on,
very clearly well-to-do-ish,
like life's been good to him, he's mailin' awesome stuff,
and he had a Scientology ring with a little S in the triangle or whatever,
and there were some big delays, so we're just kind of hanging out,
and he's kind of tapping his fingers, and I notice the ring,
and I go, pardon me, that ring, that's Scientology, right?
And he turns around, like I just tried to take his wallet from him,
and it's really defensive,
and this guy does not represent all Scientologists, certainly,
but he turned around, and it's incredible,
like almost like a posture of, like, instantly really defensive,
and I'm like, and I just kind of just pressed right past it,
and I go, I live in this neighborhood,
there's all these Scientology buildings, I've met Scientologists,
I don't know the first thing about it,
and he's like, he's really bummed out, and he turned around,
like, can you not tell me about it?
Is that the thing?
And I'm like, what are you doing, man, what are you doing?
And I'm like, I'm just asking about Scientology,
is it off limits to know?
I said, because if it is, that's fucked up.
Well, to be fair, you were wearing a Guy Fox mask.
Huh?
I said, to be fair, you were wearing a Guy Fox mask.
And later, Hosun.
And I was carrying a banjo.
So, you know, he had every reason to not trust me.
Also, he was buying a first aid kit,
and he was bleeding profusely from the...
Right, anyway.
If you can't be forthright about what it is you believe,
then I think you believe something stupid.
Maybe he had just murdered somebody
and stole the ring, I didn't know.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, there should definitely be an open...
Yeah, I think you got to open your books with the religion, for sure.
Secret religion? It's a little sketchy.
I mean, maybe some things are stupid.
I'll tell you what's not stupid.
Something I take very seriously.
Dungeons and Dragons.
Whoa!
Spencer, bring us up to date, please.
On the last episode,
our heroes were still within the depths of the Infinifish.
After falling out of a semi-destroyed lung,
the team dropped down to the circular chamber below.
After deciding to carry on,
they ran through the next finkter into a large pink room
with a large hanging organ in it.
Assaulting the organ with impunity,
the gang was soon accosted by lightning spidery creatures
and fighting those and destroying the organ was the work of a moment.
After destroying the organ,
the group stood in a chamber
before you, a tangle of fleshy quartz barring your path.
Behind you, the circular chamber you were just in.
Go.
Again, you're...
I never thought I'd get the timing right on that.
That was amazing.
That's an a minute and 32-second track,
and you managed to go right to the last second every time.
Yeah, that was orgasmic.
That was really good.
I'm looking like,
come on, a sweatshirt dripping down my head,
like, come on, you've got four seconds.
Go.
We got to clip all these up for, like, my DJ demo reel.
Yeah.
Maybe you've heard this track enough,
or it's kind of cellular.
It's completely random every time.
I play a bit to walk you on.
I play a bit to bring Aaron up.
It's never the same thing twice.
I just marvel at your internal clock on that track.
It's shocking.
I would say on the bus, if he ever wanted to start his own religion,
now is the time.
It's a great city to do it in.
Have you guys heard of fork knots?
What?
They're little gremlins that cause all the world's problems.
I would like to...
I should have said this gigs ago,
but I really need a case for a Samsung Galaxy Note 2.
They break very easily,
but I can't find a case for it in any truck stop or Walmart.
If there was any point where I wanted anyone to think that I was a cult leader
that was worth giving gifts to,
if you're listening and you're in Portland...
Or San Francisco.
We're so far behind.
It won't work.
It won't fucking work.
I should have done that in Brooklyn.
I should have been like, I need a fucking phone case.
I told people I need a shoe goo,
and my shoe has been repaired, baby.
The shoe goo did the job.
Also, I never even met the person that gave the shoe goo,
so thank you to whoever that was.
Alright.
So, we're in a room with a...
What's that?
The smoke sticks.
We're in the lung of the Infinifish, we think,
and we use the smoke sticks...
...to release accurate smoke into the lungs,
as well as igniting torches.
Right.
So we gave the Infinifish emphysema, right?
And then they slashed it to bits.
And then last night, we were in what we think is a kidney,
and we slashed it, and it was talking about
trying to give the Infinifish aids and killing it that way.
But we didn't know how to...
I tried to summon an aids-ridden animal,
but I found out I can't summon animals.
I can only speak to them, so...
Yeah.
What would be the noise for you
summoning an aids-ridden animal?
Ho-ho!
Yeah, here we go.
Yeah, accurate.
What do you think it's going to be?
Alright, so we have...
Well, where are we at?
There's a thing barring our way with the fleshy cords?
Yeah, it's like...
If you imagine a large thicket of fleshy ropes.
Is this through the third door?
You're in the room with the organ.
If you went back a room, you'd be in that three-door room.
We're, as Dolly Parton would say,
we're two doors down.
Two doors down?
We've killed the lung and the kidney,
and we need to go back.
Presumably, or forward.
I mean, either way.
I say to these guys, I think we need to go back
and go through that third door and take out the third thing,
because this feels a lot like a video game,
or an Irish joke.
Alright, well, I take a swipe at the fleshy cords with my sword.
Several of them are not shatter.
You know, slice into ribbons.
It'll take a few more slices, but...
Can I just do a couple slices and slices?
Yeah.
Yeah, I just start hacking at the things.
Hacking at the things.
You reveal a passageway.
Oh, that was easy.
Yeah, sometimes just use your machete to get through the passageway.
I charge headlong into the passageway.
Nice.
I've changed inside this Infinifish,
and on this tour, and in this movie about the tour.
My character's changed.
I've changed.
I've become cockier.
I've become...
You rush longer-winded?
More headlong, and you're rushing?
Yeah.
Alright.
Blasting through the opening,
you are met with what appears to be a slippery slope.
Your momentum carries you forward,
and you slide down the slope.
I remember Aaron was in this room.
At the bottom of the slope is a large,
orangey-pink slime, translucent and thick.
We're in the butt.
And inside the monster, you can see a large tome.
It's thick and appears to be ancient,
and it's covered in splatters of blood.
Inside the what?
There's a large blob of slime,
as if some sort of monster,
but on the inside is a large, ancient tome.
Okay, so that's probably one of, like,
gelatinous monster of some kind.
Yeah.
You can see blood seeping out of the book
and crawling into the mass of the slime,
branching out like butts and shoots from a branch.
The book calls to you.
We should join him.
The book calls to me?
Yeah.
You sense a longing for the book.
Bally high.
We are joined sharpie.
Near the blood book.
You slide down the shaft in our joint with sharpie.
I do likewise.
That happens also.
All right, let's start simple here.
I'm going to use my crossbow, which I never do.
Oh, it's not my thing.
I'm going to give to Mulraine,
who I assume has better archery skills than me.
I'm carrying a thing called Melph's Acid Arrow.
That's actually a spell.
Oh, okay.
Never mind.
You can cast it though.
Is that like magic missile?
Yeah, except it does acid damage
and there's a chance that it will do acid damage
later on, like damage over time.
Yeah, okay.
I'm going to try that.
I'm going to try Melph's Acid Arrow.
Is this an organic thing?
Melph's Acid Arrow?
No, not Melph.
Melph.
It was a guy.
Summoning a green bolt of noxious acid.
You fire it directly at the blob.
Choctaw.
Dealing eight damage.
It's not great, but you'll take it.
What is, ma'am?
I just noticed that I have a sword.
Yeah, you have a long sword and you have weapon finesse,
which means you're actually quite adroit to it.
Is that the right word?
Yes.
I shoot two long swords.
Adventure.
Is that a joke?
It's not if you have to ask.
Then your bowstring would be sliced.
I think it's more of a bit.
I take the long sword and I...
Use it.
I slice it towards the book.
You got a critical hit.
Critical hit!
Slicing at the slime.
Your tree or sword leaves a clean mark along its surface.
I had someone tweet at me that I was really bad at Dungeons & Dragons.
I'm not disproving him.
You're not allowed to be sensitive about that.
I'm not.
Dealing 13 damage.
You notice that the slime splits in half.
Yeah!
Fuck you, hazmat46.
Both halves launch their attacks.
And miss.
Oh nice, we got lucky.
So now there's two halves of slime?
Two slimes remain.
Each is about half the size of the former slime that composed the two slimes.
The book is on the right hand slime.
I don't get it.
So we've passed the book on the right hand slime?
This is making me think that I don't know what slime is.
Because the way that it's acting.
You don't know what swords are.
It's a large blob of a goop in acid that'll kill you.
Okay, I go into a...
What do you call it?
What's the one?
I do a power attack.
One, two, or three?
Two.
Yep.
You miss?
Shit.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm stupid.
You hit.
Yeah!
Shit!
Slimes are really easy to hit.
Alright, it's gonna be...
17 damage.
17 damage, motherfucker.
The remaining slime that you slash splits in half, forming two smaller slimes.
Son of a bitch!
So we're just making more slimes?
Yeah, you are.
They're smaller.
That's true.
Sharpie, this might be the wrong time to tell you, but...
Jesus Christ.
My thoughts exactly, friends.
Oh, that wasn't...
No, I'm sorry.
No, I agree.
You spoke my thoughts.
The slimes lurch towards you and strike both Sharpie and Mulrainee with a pseudopod.
Now's a good time to check in with your boyfriend.
I'll be over here kicking ass.
I'm just gonna say I'm very proud of you, that's all.
Shit.
The two of you take 11 acid damage.
Oh, man.
I see colors.
I could always see colors, but...
Yeah.
I see more.
I smell them.
Can I ask a quick sidebar, DM?
Go for it.
Mending, the spell Mending.
Can repair a lightly damaged object.
Do you want to, like, stick this line back together?
Like, if there's a hole in a boat, that's what that's for.
Or, like, if you sat on your watch.
Do you know what time it is when I sit on my watch?
Darebox time.
Time to get a new watch, Motherfucker.
Oh, damn.
Do I gain hit points from that awesome joke?
No.
Alright.
Whose turn is it? My turn?
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't...
Yes, I was thinking maybe for a second,
if I use Mending to mend the...
If you'd like to.
That might make sense.
It's really easy to repair a slime.
You just kind of smash it back together.
It's a problem.
Yeah, maybe counterproductive.
It's like an asteroid.
Why would you want to remake a big asteroid?
Because it's easier to dodge a large one.
But it won't...
Okay.
No, I'm just fine.
I'm hearing that I should try this.
Go for it.
I'm going to do it.
I cast Mending on two of these smaller slimes.
Two of the slimes coalesce into a larger form.
However, that final form seems to be smaller
than the sum of the two slime masses.
Ooh.
It's like math.
Non-Euclidean geometry.
Spencer, may I use Alchemist's fire?
Yeah.
With the slime?
Hurling a bag of Alchemist's fire
and you strike the blob directly in its center of mass.
Dealing seven fire damage.
The blob's now on fire.
Which one did you do?
The one with the book or the one without the book?
The slime?
Yeah, there's two slimes at this point.
Which would be better?
The one that you'd like.
I don't want to burn the book.
Okay, cool.
That slime dies.
Only one half slime is remaining.
The one with the book?
The one with the book.
Flaming sword!
Don't burn the book.
Oh.
You can extinguish the flames on your sword if you'd like.
I extinguish the flames on my flaming sword.
Now it's just a sword.
That's a closet sword.
It's a straight acting sword.
Yeah, it's very butch.
Yeah, it's a banner sword.
Shirts with sleeves now.
You slice the book slime and it splits in half,
but it also takes 17 damage.
It appears to be on the ropes.
How's the book?
The book's cool, it's fine.
Magic missile.
I cast magic missile at the slime so as not to hurt the book.
I'm going to resolve slime attacks first.
Resolve them.
Quark, you take 11 damage.
Where's that put my hit points at?
You should have been at full.
I don't think you got hit from any of the spider things.
I took a little bit of damage.
I think I took like 7 or something.
I think 7 from the lightning spider,
so 7 and 11 would put you somewhere around 22.
This is so exciting.
It really is.
I'm riveted.
Sharpie takes 5 damage.
Lightning spider!
Okay, so you were casting magic missile?
Wow!
I'm just going to play by myself.
Magic missile.
Have faith that it will return to you, Spencer.
I think it's funny if I act like that.
It's just a joke.
But were you going to cast magic missile?
Yeah, at the book wielding slime.
Firing your magic missiles, they strike true.
It takes 7 damage.
It's dead.
The slime evaporates.
You see the book remaining resting on the fleshy ground.
Step back, magic expert.
I go to the book.
I examine it with my magical eyes.
It appears to be written in some sort of red ink.
Or maybe blood.
It's actually a language you don't recognize.
However, you still seem to feel the power and energy emanating from this book.
Does it feel evil?
It feels not evil, but definitely dark.
Definitely the power of death.
I touch it.
You touch it.
It's a book, right?
It feels slightly damp with blood.
As you touch it, a bit of blood seeps out of the book onto the ground.
Open it up and check it out, man.
I open up to the inside front cover.
That's the fly leaf.
It's covered in blood.
I open up to a random page in the middle.
It seems to be written in red script that you don't recognize.
It's definitely an old language of some sort.
It's definitely not a Bissell,
or any other sort of demonic language as far as you can tell.
Is it Gnome or Dwarven?
It is not Gnome nor...
Yeah, no.
I mean...
I detect magic on it.
It is intensely magical.
Intensely magic.
Do our little magical shards have any effect on this sort of thing?
I don't know.
I whip out a shard.
You whip out a shard.
We all whip our shards out.
We compare shard length.
I only bring out enough shard to win.
I pull my leaf skirt down for no reason.
Okay.
The shards have no reaction.
I approach the book and see if I can read it.
I cling to it tightly.
Okay.
Don't act it out then.
Don't be snatching my book.
Baby, baby, baby.
I don't want to snatch it. I'm just trying to help.
Look with your eyes, not with your hands.
Fine. I look with my eyes.
You look with your eyes.
You see a book. It appears ancient and old and thick and musty.
Can I read the language?
You cannot read the language.
I said we take the book and find somebody who can speak this language.
What are the exits available to us, Spencer?
Right now, you can only see a sphincter on the floor.
Perfect spot to end, I think.
Butthole cliffhanger!
Look at it, a sphincter!
Thank you so much.
Erin McGathy, everyone.
Swordmaster.
Erin, are you selling merchandise out there?
Oh, I'm so glad you asked.
Spencer and I will be selling merchandise downstairs.
T-shirts, one for $15, two for $25.
Free smiles, free hugs, lots of love.
Stay true to yourself.
And depending on what time it is,
so far I have yet to be unable to stay
until I've signed every single thing that people buy.
So we may break that record here because we have to leave.
I said we're getting close to wrapping this thing up here.
Oh, of course. Well, that goes without saying.
I mean, I don't want to talk about politics and religion for another 40 minutes.
I just mean, I don't know what time it is.
It feels like we did a four-hour show in a good way.
It's 9.10.
Chicken noodle deck.
Chicken noodle deck and a can for you.
There's a sip of some hearty broth
and your lips will froth at the taste of it, my friend.
Chicken noodle deck.
Chicken noodle deck and a...
It's nice and thick.
Let's sing the chicken noodle dick song.
We didn't sing it in the last night's show in...
Where were we? Kansas City?
Denver.
It's all the same.
Here I am.
Ain't got a dick, got a chicken noodle can.
All my life, I've been puttin' my can.
It's time for chicken noodle wife.
Chicken noodle guy come down from the mountain saying,
Chicken noodle man, he gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, he gotta cross the river Jordan
and feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Soup to the bowl, bowls to the spoon.
Spoon to the mountain, gonna get well soon.
You gotta get some rest and sleep till noon.
Grab a cup of coffee then head to the saloon singing.
Chicken noodle guy come down from the mountain saying,
Chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river Jordan
and feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Well the wind blows south and come what may.
My chicken noodle wife let me just the other day.
There's not much else I can do but pray.
Chicken noodle man, I gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle guy come down from the mountain saying,
Chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river Jordan
feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Very spiritual in Salt Lake City.
It's a town, it's a half Mormon, half secular town.
Half drunk, half sober.
It makes for good mythology.
It's like a battery is powerful because it has like,
it's got opposing charges and they're trying to get to each other.
You can turn that into an alarm clock
waking you up for your job at Verizon.
Yeah but I should do some rapping.
I should do some fucking hardcore rapping.
You wanna do a little rapping?
I gotta, it's not because I want to, it's because they deserve it.
The people cry out for what they want.
I don't have to look anyone in the eye tonight that says,
you didn't rap, I brought my daughter.
You didn't rap, you didn't rap.
I don't know if you guys have been listening to the podcast
but I've been getting really good
and the bar can't be raised high enough.
Let's put your money where your mouth is man.
I'm not afraid.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
So far so good man.
Yo, yo, went to a lake and its name was Salt.
The fuck your mama's real hard but it wasn't my fault.
She came onto me and it wasn't me.
I told her, eat my doodoo and drink my pee and she did.
So I fucked her.
She did her part, I did mine.
Your mama's so fine, I went down to meet her in the salt mine.
Here in Utah, that's what they do.
They dig deep and pull it out and give it to the world for truth.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Salt.
Turn that frown upside down.
Chloride.
Yellow poop is brown.
Sodium?
Come on down to Harmontown.
A simple seasoning right on your table
but is it that simple or did Cain slay Abel?
A biblical town but a different Bible.
An Indian found a book.
Is that libel to cause confusion?
There's three books.
Underwear gonna get you dirty looks.
If it's magical, don't be tragical.
Just communicate like that chick did
and everyone will be fine and like a fraggle.
It kind of rhymed.
One more time with the chorus.
Come down to Harmontown.
Utah.
Brown upside down.
Mama.
Yellow poop is brown.
Papa.
Come down to Harmontown.
United States made of all different worlds.
Poison girls going Christmas shopping.
Fucked your mama so hard that her cities were slopping.
Out of her shirt onto the floor and I scooped her mom but said
you need these and more.
You need to take care of yourself.
Mother, go home, raise all my sisters and brothers.
Be a proud woman.
Get a career.
Don't keep fucking me, Dan Harmon.
Stand in here.
Just the Mormons.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Tabernacle.
Turn that brown upside down.
Even X Mormons.
Yellow poop is brown.
X Mormons.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Fleeing from my Mormon faith.
It was so constrictive I just had to escape.
It was like Jehovah's Witness and Scientologists.
I grew up under it and couldn't handle it.
Everything your parents tell you, you got to do the opposite.
But every time you stand back, you might come back to it.
Because it really doesn't matter what you pray to.
It's all ghosts.
It's just as relevant as what you put on your toast.
Some people put jam.
Some people put jelly.
I listen to Tori Amos.
Some people listen to Belly.
They're both old bands from the 90s.
You're all 25.
Sorry that I dated myself.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that brown upside down.
You could have said R Kelly.
You could have said Nelly.
Jeff.
Yo, we had a good time tonight.
We had a girl that was Mormon, came up on stage and her hair was ghostly white.
She had presumably white undergarments on.
The protector from evil.
I hope she doesn't get attacked by a bull weevil that eats up holes.
And lets in a pocket of sin.
I know that Mormonism and the Tabernacle is something I'd like to get in
and check it out just for a while.
I think that maybe Brigham Young could make me smile.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Spencer's coming up brown upside down.
DM.
He is a yellow poof.
His brown rap master.
Come on down to Harmontown.
My name's Spencer and I'm on the mic.
I used to play volleyball so I know how to spike.
We just came out here to Salt Lake City.
It's the saltiest place to suck your mama's titties.
It's a lot of fun to be up here, I admit.
I think that you all should just submit to my will.
Just start all listening to me and everybody doesn't even have to be free.
You're all my slaves.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Thank you Salt Lake City.
Thank you very much everybody.
Me and yellow poop is brown.
Thank you dudes for coming up brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Craig, good luck with your job back in Wisconsin.
Or back in Los Angeles right and stuff.
Talitha, our Mormon representative.
Thank you wise guys.
Let's all go out, meet downstairs, get some merchandise, have a drink and say hey.
Oh, we can't have a drink.
It's illegal here.
Thank you Erin McGathy.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for the mayor of Harmontown.
Dan Harmon everybody.
God bless you.
Whatever God that may be.
I'm gonna walk around with my beer in my hand.
Don't do it Jeff, don't do it.
I'm gonna walk to the green room with the beer in my hand.
Come on down to Harmontown.
This is the sad part of the song.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
You